README.md, before:

# lucidDream
Three dimensional, emotionally-based AI character models applied to dynamic story telling.

## Development Stages
1. Establish word vector interpretation system for defining key parts of response
    - Ex. ("good", "weather", "tomorrow") -> "The weather looks good for tomorrow."
    - Use GAN architecture to interpolate word vectors to full sentences
2. Generate meaningful word vectors based on probability queue
    - Create list of topics that have an assigned probability for the response to be about
    - Each topic also has a list of adjectives that have a probability of being selected
    - Length of response should be determined by specificity rating of question (ex. "why?" is open ended, "what time is it?" is not)
3. Build 3 dimensional emotion models by using a clustering approach to evaluate specific written work by individual authors
    - These emotion models should impactt the probability queue word choices
4. Add in LSTM model to give historical value to previous responses
5. Assign physical constraints to model ("health", "height", etc.)
6. Have first-person verbs correspond to actions that must take into account physical constraints when being a part of responses
7. Add in environment
    - Conditions in environment influence responses
    - User can influence environmental conditions
8. Have responses over time impact emotion model
9. Add multiple character models to shared environment
10. Record interactions and actions to create story

Commit message:

Includes basic descriptions of notebook and discord bot

README.md, after:

# lucidDream
Dynamic Story Generation through directed chatbot interactions.

# Summary
This repository contains exploratory efforts towards controlling text generation using the GPT-2 model in a chatbot environment. It also houses an experimental Discord bot for interacting with simplified trained models.

## Dynamically Generating Stories
The `notebooks/Lucid Dream.ipynb` is the main notebook that aggregates the exploratory efforts from the others and provides the `start_conversation` function, which allows for a scene to by dynamically created and modified.

## Discord Bot
The Discord Bot located in `discord_bot/bot.py` serves as an interface for the gpt-2-simple library and aims to replicate some of the techniques used in the Lucid Dream notebook. The follow commands are available to use the bot:
```
!help:
    !save <no args>: save the current chat history to a local file on the server.
    !breakdown <exact name>: gives an emotional breakdown of the user based on their past conversation.
    !users <no args>: returns a list of users and aliases for users that, if mentioned, will trigger the bot. Format: alias:username
    !add <alias:username>: Adds an alias/username as a trigger word for the bot. passing one argument is equivalent to saying username:username (ex. !add user == !add user:user).
    !remove <alias>: Removes an alias as a trigger word for the bot.
    !label <emotion>: Label the past message sent as a certain emotion (doesn't have to be a bot's last message). This helps the model learn emotions better and get better profiles.
    !models <no args>: Show a list of available models to switch the chatbot to.
    !useModel <model_name>: Switch the chatbot to use the model specified.
    !shutup <no args>: If the model manages to say "!free", it will no longer be bound to waiting for trigger words to respond and will be able to talk freely. !shutup will end this.
    !temperature <optional temperature>**: Either see the current temperature level or set a new one.
    !trumpOrAI <no args>: Try to guess whether the next message was sent by trump or an AI. Game ends when someone guesses trump or AI correctly.

NOTE: The AI model is free to use any of the above commands as well and they will all work for it.
```
